Ocamlnet is an enhanced system platform library for Ocaml. As the name
suggests, large parts of it have to do with network programming, but
it is actually not restricted to this. Other parts deal with the
management of multiple worker processes, and the interaction with
other programs running on the same machine. You can also view Ocamlnet
as an extension of the system interface as provided by the [Unix]
module of the standard library.

So, which kind of applications can profit from Ocamlnet?

- Web applications can use the [netcgi2] library which provides
  all core functionality like connecting to web servers, decomposing
  web requests, and emitting web data. With the [nethttpd] library
  Ocamlnet even includes a little web server of its own, so
  stand-alone Ocaml programs can respond to HTTP requests. This is
  especially interesting for providing high-speed HTTP-based APIs
  like REST interfaces.
- Client/server architectures can be built with the included SunRPC
  support. This is a very robust and mature implementation of this
  binary RPC protocol, both on the client and the server side. It
  is wire-compatible with C implementations of SunRPC. There is a
  generator for transforming SunRPC IDL files into Ocaml
  modules. Authentication and encryption are also supported (using
  GSS-API, or the non-standard SSL extension).
- Compute jobs profit from Ocamlnet because the [netmulticore]
  library allows it to run compute tasks on as many cores of the
  machine as needed. The tasks can communicate with message passing
  and exchange data via shared memory. Of course, [netmulticore] is 
  strictly typed.
- Any kind of application can cherry-pick the parts of Ocamlnet
  that are considered useful. Especially, Ocamlnet includes a number
  of network clients (for HTTP, FTP, Telnet, SMTP, POP), and a large
  number of network-related string processing functions (e.g. for
  URL's, Base64, UTF-8, mail headers). For interacting with the system
  there are functions to invoke subcommands ([shell] library),
  and also for globbing, sending email, and logging. Local and remote
  filesystems can be accessed with the {!Netfs} framework. The
  [netsys] library wraps lots of additional system calls that are
  missing in the Ocaml standard library.
